.TH CONFLUEX 1 "May 2026" "confluex 0.1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
confluex \- export Confluence page scopes to Markdown
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B confluex setup
.br
.B confluex export --page-id
.I id
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B confluex
is a token-authenticated CLI for exporting Confluence pages to Markdown,
attachments, ZIP archives, and machine-readable reports.
.PP
.B --help
is a short reminder. This manual is the installed command reference.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B setup
Interactively writes the user JSON config. It asks for a Confluence base URL and
token; token input is hidden. Setup validates access with verified HTTPS only
and writes the config after validation succeeds.
.TP
.B export
Validates root-page access, discovers scope, writes reports, and by default
materializes Markdown page payloads and retained attachments.
.SH COMMON WORKFLOW
.TP
Install:
.B npm install -g confluex
.TP
Update:
.B npm install -g confluex@latest
.TP
Uninstall:
.B npm uninstall -g confluex
.TP
Configure:
.B confluex setup
.TP
Inspect scope:
.B confluex export --page-id 12345 --plan-only --out ./plan
.TP
Export and archive:
.B confluex export --page-id 12345 --out ./dump --zip
.SH EXPORT MODES
.TP
.B materialized
Default mode. Writes reports, Markdown page payloads under
.IR pages/ ,
and retained attachments. Supports
.BR --zip ,
.BR --debug ,
and
.BR --resume .
.TP
.B plan_only
Selected by
.BR --plan-only .
Writes the report set only. It does not retain
.IR pages/ ,
page payloads, or attachment payloads.
.SH OPTIONS
.SS Selection And Output
.TP
.BI --page-id " id"
Required root Confluence page id.
.TP
.BI --out " path"
Output directory. If omitted, Confluex creates a generated output directory in
the current directory.
.TP
.B --plan-only
Inspect scope and reports without materializing page payloads.
.TP
.B --include-children
Include the recursive Confluence child tree. By default child traversal is off.
.TP
.B --zip
Create a sibling ZIP archive at
.IR <out>.zip .
The plain output root remains on disk. On success,
.I summary.txt
contains the ZIP path and
.B RUN_COMPLETE
selects the ZIP archive as the primary artifact.
.TP
.B --debug
Write sanitized diagnostics under
.IR _debug/ .
Debug mode does not imply any other option.
.SS Configuration And Transport
.TP
.BI --config " file"
Load an explicit JSON config file. It uses the same schema as the user config.
.TP
.B --insecure
For the current
.B export
only, allow
.B http://
Confluence base URLs and disable TLS certificate verification for HTTPS
Confluence/exporter traffic. This option does not imply debug, zip, resume,
child traversal, plan-only, or run limits.
.SS Limits And Pacing
.TP
.BI --max-pages " n"
Stop after
.I n
processed pages.
.TP
.BI --max-download-mib " n"
Stop when current-run downloaded content plus metadata reaches
.I n
MiB.
.TP
.BI --sleep-ms " n"
Sleep
.I n
milliseconds between processed pages.
.TP
.BI --max-find-candidates " n"
Inspect at most
.I n
title-resolution candidates per link.
.TP
.BI --link-depth " n"
Follow supported internal links up to
.I n
hops from pages already in scope. Default:
.BR 1 .
.SS Recovery
.TP
.B --resume
Reuse a compatible incomplete materialized output root. The current command line
must include
.BR --out .
.TP
.B --no-fail-fast
Continue after page-local failures and report them instead of stopping at the
first such failure.
.SH CONFIGURATION
Configuration precedence is:
.IP 1. 3
command-line option values;
.IP 2. 3
explicit JSON config selected by
.BR --config ;
.IP 3. 3
user JSON config written by
.BR setup ;
.IP 4. 3
credential environment variables;
.IP 5. 3
no value.
.PP
JSON config keys are:
.BR confluenceBaseUrl ,
.BR confluenceToken ,
.BR insecure ,
.BR outputRoot ,
.BR maxPages ,
.BR maxDownloadMib ,
.BR sleepMs ,
.BR maxFindCandidates ,
and
.BR linkDepth .
.PP
Environment variables are limited to credentials:
.BR CONFLUEX_CONFLUENCE_BASE_URL
and
.BR CONFLUEX_CONFLUENCE_TOKEN .
Run options are configured with JSON, not environment variables.
.PP
The user config paths are:
.TP
.I $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/confluex/config.json
Linux/XDG when
.B XDG_CONFIG_HOME
is set.
.TP
.I $HOME/.config/confluex/config.json
Linux/XDG fallback.
.TP
.I %APPDATA%\\confluex\\config.json
Windows.
.SH OUTPUTS
.TP
.I summary.txt
Machine-readable run summary.
.TP
.I manifest.tsv
Processed page inventory.
.TP
.I resolved-links.tsv
Resolved supported internal links.
.TP
.I unresolved-links.tsv
Supported internal links that did not resolve to one target.
.TP
.I failed-pages.tsv
Page-local failures.
.TP
.I scope-findings.tsv
Scope confidence findings.
.TP
.I pages/
Materialized Markdown payloads and retained attachments.
.TP
.I _debug/
Sanitized diagnostics written only with
.BR --debug .
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Success, success with findings, or help.
.TP
.B 1
Rejected invocation or setup validation failure.
.TP
.B 3
Configured stop condition.
.TP
.B 4
Runtime failure.
.TP
.B 130
Interrupted by signal.
.SH TROUBLESHOOTING
.TP
.B installation fails
Reinstall the npm package with
.BR "npm install -g confluex@latest" .
If
.B man confluex
is unavailable after install, verify that npm's global man directory is on the
system man path.
.TP
.B Markdown output cannot be materialized
Inspect the retained reports for the failed page id and Confluence storage
finding. Confluex converts Confluence storage to Markdown with its packaged
native runtime; no external Markdown exporter is required.
.TP
.B token or config is rejected
Run
.B confluex setup
again, or edit the JSON config directly. The token must be a JSON string in the
.B confluenceToken
field. Explicit config files passed with
.B --config
use the same JSON schema as the user config.
.TP
.B setup rejects the URL
Use an HTTPS Confluence base URL without userinfo, query, or fragment. Setup
does not have insecure mode.
.TP
.B export must use an HTTP lab stand
Use
.BR --insecure
or JSON key
.BR insecure=true
for that export.
.TP
.B resume is rejected
Use
.B --resume --out <path>
with an incomplete materialized output root from the same root page and payload
format.
.TP
.B ZIP creation fails
Check that
.I <out>.zip
does not already exist and that every retained output file is a regular file.
Confluex fails closed instead of archiving through symlinks or unsupported
filesystem objects.
.TP
.B debug data is needed
Run export with
.BR --debug .
Debug artifacts are redacted but may include page content, titles, links, and
storage XML.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR npm (1),
.BR man (1)
