.TH CONFLUEX 1 "May 2026" "confluex 0.1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
confluex \- export Confluence pages to Markdown
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B confluex setup
.br
.B confluex export --page-id
.I id
.RI [ options ]
.br
.B confluex plan --page-id
.I id
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B confluex
is a token-authenticated CLI for exporting Confluence page trees to Markdown.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B setup
Interactively save Confluence base URL and token in the user configuration file.
The token prompt does not echo input.
.TP
.B export
Materialize Markdown payload, attachments, and reports for a Confluence page scope.
.TP
.B plan
Build the same page scope and reports without page payload or attachment downloads.
.SH COMMON OPTIONS
.TP
.BI --page-id " id"
Root Confluence page id for export or plan.
.TP
.BI --out " path"
Output directory. If omitted, Confluex generates one.
.TP
.B --zip
For export, create a ZIP archive beside the output root.
.TP
.B --resume
For export, reuse a compatible incomplete output root selected by
.BR --out .
.TP
.BI --env-file " file"
Load public configuration from an env file.
.TP
.BI --log-file " file"
Write a persistent log artifact.
.TP
.BI --max-pages " n"
Stop after n processed pages.
.TP
.BI --max-download-mib " n"
Stop after downloading n MiB.
.TP
.BI --sleep-ms " n"
Sleep n ms between processed pages.
.TP
.BI --max-find-candidates " n"
Inspect at most n title-resolution candidates per link.
.TP
.BI --link-depth " n"
Follow supported internal links up to n hops from the root child tree.
.SH CONFIGURATION
Configuration precedence is command-line options, explicit env file, default
current-directory .confluex.env, user config written by setup, process
environment, then no value.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/confluex/config.json
User config on Linux and XDG environments when XDG_CONFIG_HOME is set.
.TP
.I $HOME/.config/confluex/config.json
User config on Linux and XDG environments when XDG_CONFIG_HOME is not set.
.TP
.I %APPDATA%\\confluex\\config.json
User config on Windows.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Success, success with findings, or help.
.TP
.B 1
Rejected invocation or setup validation failure.
.TP
.B 3
Configured stop condition.
.TP
.B 4
Runtime failure.
.TP
.B 130
Interrupted by signal.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR npm (1)
